When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
so that i can use different computers, , collaborate with others and working anywhere without any issues. also if the it gets lost or sytem crashed 
then we can have backup

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
it is same as wwhen to commit rahter than commit automatically, we need to have user decide when to upload  and when not 
to upload , this is to user uploaded

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
fork is clone but in github only, fork will have trail fromwhere it came from . clone is from git hub from
local repository and branches are in a single repository it can be in cloud or local

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
The benefit is that if i some one new made a change that i was looking into i can see what they have made 
it will we easy to collobate and work and get the latest copy of ht eworking software or workign changes
this will make my push without conflicts or i an see what is the conflicts and work onit


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
it would be easier to picture but harder to understand and do it using manually, and all changes could be lost
if we have done soemthing wrong somewhere, so  it is better to use git and git hub if you are collaborating it 
git is very useful, git hub is extension of git so it depends if we can use it or not but storing something in clould or 
single point is very useful while collobrartion

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
branch is need to make sure that whatever changes your aremaking does not impact orginal and some one can take look at your code before merging into main branch this way we can be sure that main branch does not have any issues ,