What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
It will create a .git file and it is ready to be version controlled. but it is not committed yet, so all
changes you make will still be considered as single state

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
staging area is different because you can pick and chose what files needs to be commited, there might say 2 dev working on 
same environment , but there files are not ready to check, then working directory will show all files, but staging area
we can push only the files that dev1 is working on , so that we control what we are doing

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
User git status and git diff and git --staged , we can make sure that git status to know what is in staged
what changes you want to change to happen, what changes were made in working to staged in git diff
without any arguments, with arugments will search for it git diff --staged is latest commit to staging area
if you want to reset all changes in use git reset -- hard.. be carefull that will delete all code you are currently working on

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
branches are really helpful in keeping history , we move and do whatever we want or say that there are two dev working on same file
we can create branches and each one can work on each thing, and still have the main branch ready for bug fixes or new code
we do experimental feature or more change entire feature and see how ti looks like many more advtanges
beta version is brannch!!, working or bored nand then change it new things

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
diagrams are very help full, the commit line and merge line are difficult to gauge but looking at the diagram
 auser can instally know where he is what action he take, we can also know that if there any detached head commit
 but we will never be able to make get to those commints

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
the result is we get two new feature and have single branhc again where user can branch out and work again without
having ot wait till the end. but now we are ready to go production with changes made and developer cna keep working 
in the his own branch and make new features. it is easy for me to learn and visual where am i and what was the order of 
commits and where was commints and change of the commits inorder

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
pros and cons ahh... pros are it is quick but dirty, it can have two same functions which can operate on a same thing
but different name then git will auto merge. so user has be careful when merging or bugs will come up. but that does not mean
the pro is quick , it merges very quick you can always go back do diff you want to see the difference, if you merging maunally
it will take lot of time to understand what has change where was changed









